# Restaurante-Intelligente
In the Age of Modernity where people prefer food from outside rather than home, we as individuals has taken a big step to automate the whole process of restaurant management by doing this project. Our Project “Restaurante Intelligente” mainly focuses on saving customer’s time by giving them the facility of booking their seats by giving them the 360-degree view of the restaurant and also pre-order facilities by their convenience. The most attractive thing in our project is feedback through facial recognition which will amaze people and that will surely satisfy the needs of restaurant staff by getting feedback about their services easily and readily. IoT plays a great role in this project and that aligns our interests and also the coding needed gives us a vast area of exploration.
RI is made solely for the purpose to preserve the most valuable and precious commodity “TIME” of people as well as the restaurant staff. It covers all aspects of restaurant staff and members need to make their place tidy and organized. “Restaurante Intelligente” covers aspects like, Taking feedback from facial recognition is itself a very different project but we thought that if we could include this in our project it would be very efficient for the staff as taking feedbacks from the customer is very time consuming and people find it a very boring job. It allows people to book their seat and order their food through the customer app and also gives the restaurant staff to manage their customer’s list as well know the order of the food they have given by our restaurant’s app. Though it took us a lot of time to think about this project while working on it our only motivation was the thought of saving one’s time which is very important in this era of modernization. The main problem people face while going to the restaurant is the perfect location for seating and our customer’s app has also taken care of this thing by giving the 360-degree view of the restaurant and choosing their seating accordingly. In these pandemic times, our app also enables the customer to check the hygiene and the recipe used to prepare their order which is the future addition in our app. Our thought of this project was backed by solid research done by our team members and completing it on time was our only dutiful job and between this, we faced a lot of problems but our team’s cooperation made this project and we did it on time. When we took some suggestions from our family friends’ teachers and people from the industry, we had some appreciation in our lot but some very good advice that could be used to launch this project in the industry and make their work efficient and tidy.
Related Links :
LinkedIn: https://bit.ly/2UPvxrv
Twitter: https://bit.ly/3lBXXRk



